[admin](Adding descriptions) (#1670)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/custom-functions-architecture.md

---
ms.date: 07/10/2019

> description: 'Learn about Excel custom functions' runtime.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Learn about the runtime for Excel custom functions.'
```

The following table highlights the differences between the custom functions runtime and the browser engine runtime:

> | Custom functions runtime     | Browser engine runtime     |

Reviewer 2: What are these spacing changes? Tabs to spaces?
